[Autogenerated] Let's go to the AWS web console and
create some rules in web application.
Firewall will create a web A C L, and assign it to a resource in our AWS account.
Then we'll see the different components available to configure waft,
including Red X Pattern sets, I P sets and rule groups.
Finally, we'll take a look at some managed rules in the AWS marketplace.
I've got a sample application deployed on Amazon API Gateway.
Here is a machine located in the US where I can hit the rest.
API.
Here is a machine in the London region that I can also use to hit the API.
Let's configure web application firewall to sit in front of that API
gateway and create some rules to see it in action.
First, we'll create a web A C L.
I'll call it API Gateway Demo.
You can provide an optional description or a CloudWatch metric name.
Then we'll specify the resource that we want to associate with this web.
A C l.
If it's a regional resource, A, l, B and API Gateway,
it's important to select the correct region.
Select Add A W s resource is indicate if it's an API gateway or a L.
B.
Then you'll see the available resource is listed for you to associate.
Confirm your selection.
Next, you can add rules and rule groups to your web.
CL.
We'll come back to that in a minute, so we'll just default.
Allow all actions.
We can view the summary, Then create the web A.
C L.
Once it has been created, you'll see it in your list of web seals.
If we go back to our samples,
we can still hit it from the London region and we can still hit it from the U.
S.
I'd like to filter based on an I P address.
In order to do this will need to create an I p set with the I P address.
I'll give it a name.
Select the region for the I P set.
I'll leave it in Oregon,
since that's where the web A C L is that I'd like to use it with.
Then enter your I P V four or iPod V six address insider format.
Note that you can have multiple I P addresses,
so this is meant to facilitate adding test machines or office IOPS or whatever
you need to configure your web application firewall rules.
Now we can create a rule with this I P address.
Go back to web A C L's.
Then in the rules tab, we can add a rule.
This rule is going to use an I.
P.
Set.
Notice that for the action we can allow block or count.
I'm going to block as we add more rules.
We can set the rule of priority here.
Now let's try to hit the API with the machine whose I p address I just blocked.
Notice how now I get a forbidden response.
But if I hit it from a different machine, it goes through just fine.
Let's add another rule.
This time we're going to create a rate based rule.
I'll give it a name for a rate based rule will set a rate limit,
then add any criteria to determine which requests count against the rate limit.
I'll set it for the minimum of 100 and I'm going to create some criteria.
As we discussed in the slides.
Notice all of the different options to choose from.
I'm going to select originating from a country.
I'll use my machine that's in the London region.
Next, cheese, whether to block or count.
I'm going to block.
Now we have two different rules.
I'm actually going to modify the block London machine to simply count,
but I'll keep the order of the same count.
Could be a good option when you're testing out rules,
or you just want to verify that your logic is correct.
Note also that if you always want your count rules to log,
you'll need to have them before any blocks.
Okay, now we're ready on each machine.
I've created a simple loop to hit the API 101 times
we'll start the machine in the U.
S.
And we'll start the machine in London.
If I look at the end of the log, notice how I'm getting forbidden messages.
Once I exceeded 100 requests in five minutes,
it blocked everything else here on the machine that is not in the London region.
Notice that we had no blocked calls back on the dashboard.
We can see the requests that were counted after the threshold of 100 was hit,
the requests that were blocked and the requests that were allowed to access the
managed rule sets maintained by AWS simply select Add rules,
then add managed rule groups.
Here you can see the rule groups managed by AWS.
These rules contain things like iPod reputation lists,
known bad inputs, SQL database and other common waft configurations.
If you see one that you'd like to use, simply select, add to web A C.
L.
You can also select whether you want to initially at it as a count action.
That's usually a good idea until you verify that the
logic is doing what you want it to.
These other managed rule groups are maintained by third parties and
are available to subscribe in AWS Marketplace.
For example, if I wanted the WASP Top 10 complete rule set,
I could subscribe to this in AWS marketplace.
Here.
I can see the details about the third-party as well as the pricing information.
If I subscribe, this rule set will then be available to use in my web.
A.
C l note that this one is about a dollar a day,
and it would be pro rated by the hour.
If you wanted to just try it out for a few hours, then unsubscribe.
Note. Also, the per million requests charge of a dollar 80 per million